1) Vedios in Home Page and Post in SocialMedia channels.
Track Using Analytics

Competitor analysis
4)Identify which site comes first when typing keyword
find contents in that site and notee it and make our site similar to that.
SWOT analysis strenght,weakness,opportunities ,threat,USP
Review competitor websites


GOAL KPI
KPI -email marketting ,enquiry with in 15minutes
Helps a team to undestand how progresss will be tracked and measured
Quantifable meassurements..

Sales Team conatact prospects by email,reniew
Measure performance which staff works better than others.
Social media chat response with in 15 minutes.
Anything
Sales calls,Social media post,Email signUps,Subscribers

8)Increase sale by 25%
If cant attend enquiry call properly should increase staff
so prospective customer would be happy that sales enquiry haas been achieved properly

2)Phone number on every page,Maps with directions

3)Logo on every page,Click the logo take them home.
Google search if needed within the site

4)Encorage visitors to take action when they visit your site Call to action

Buy Now,Map direction ,Phone number ,Subscription

5)Easy Navigation :Logo,Search menu,Side menu

6)Message Icons call,search,direction,message

7)Creating content in website:Think about customers their needs
3)When creating your website, consider how to combine your business goals with what your visitors want. In this lesson, we’ll talk about:
using your site to further your business goals
thinking like a customer
telling your story online.

4)Certifications to provide you are qualified for this purpose

5)Check analytics to know what visitors are doing on your website



When creating your website, consider how to combine your business goals with what your visitors want. In this lesson, we’ll talk about:
using your site to further your business goals
thinking like a customer
telling your story online.



Ryan has written some KPIs to help his fitness centres achieve the business goal of “improving overall client satisfaction”.

Review these four KPIs. Which do you think fit the criteria of being specific, measurable, attainable, relevant and time-bound?
SMART

A score of 85% or more in the annual survey for the question - 'Would you recommend this gym to a friend?

Ensure 90% of new gym members book an induction session within the first two weeks of joining